[feature] Added API endpoint to return user's RADIUS usage #499 (#501)
openwisp/openwisp-radius: docs/source/user/api.rst

Responds only to **GET**.

.. _radius_usage_api_view:

User Radius Usage
-----------------

**Requires the user auth token (Bearer Token)**.

Returns the radius usage of the logged-in user and the organization specified
in the URL.

> It executes the relevant RADIUS counters and returns the exhausted values.

Reviewer: I think "the exhausted values" may not be very clear to every user.

Something like the following may work better, feel free to improve upon my suggestion.

```suggestion
It executes the relevant RADIUS counters and returns information that allows to know how much time and/or traffic the user has left.
```
